nohup: ignoring input
Server Running...
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/favicon.ico
opening src/favicon.ico
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/favicon.ico
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/favicon.ico
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/favicon.ico
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/getcity
opening src/weather.html
opening src/style.css
opening src/app.js
opening src/favicon.ico
